# AWS Sysops Administrator Notes



# Monitoring Status of EBS Volumes
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t2CNYqQh3D2yljNOQpBT3E7ccMXTHBuAxd_ncJpdjJg/edit?usp=sharing

# Change Auto-Enable IO Setting for EBS Volume
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q9DHR14jukPThqGuTRJh97R6KH_eFpMvDIKg2V1yh_M/edit?usp=sharing

# Monitoring Amazon RDS
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hzrEXC07qAIJYTKt_iJIHjLIzhOsTQikqTlmD_uxzi8/edit?usp=sharing

# Monitoring ElastiCache
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cPPY7lzICCLiVwLHFirv1A6knjUKq9AUWb9_6DV1KfU/edit?usp=sharing

# Classic Load Balancer Metrics
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OC0rCaalVjI18v8SG_xtXKpiLKwqYDXNFYK7Ifc9DE8/edit?usp=sharing

# Reading data from DynamoDB
https://docs.google.com/document/d/13coKYDngjxVBc-FGaDtyRElw5XgpcwbUpE5F1NEfOYU/edit?usp=sharing

# Amazon DynamoDB Local Secondary Index
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wun7gmfsHBMyd6KycCephakeW2a3zZ1JH7B06IEV2as/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS Free Tier
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K3wIB6rYKAGAJKTECohzBnbOd2JbpN8ADzZp9pZX9UY/edit?usp=sharing

# Important Points
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P396F_G4j_JsGJmgOdJckVAFvNuMDWuw6xKQzIJXo8M/edit?usp=sharing

# S3 - Encryption
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T6W966cCl4GIhHx02CIn161PlM-05dE73Eg645_aigA/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS Key Management Service (KMS)
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bonO0fae7Zy1IWbqale3d2pSAFyZCNblBT1v_9eJDZM/edit?usp=sharing

# Importing Data into PostgreSQL on Amazon RDS
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dXSON23qUkWfHSY9RcKIcvvtIxuLylE9l_N8eccnzAg/edit?usp=sharing

# Copying a RDS DB Snapshot
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WZNDsl2OxzngmG-q_bJZfpm_Vq8ur31hzRElvMC0rTs/edit?usp=sharing

# Restoring RDS Database From Snapshot
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ks5A80LqD_eKvExAHZGg70HOkybAQTPwlRWrOWOcqjY/edit?usp=sharing

# Restoring DB from Encrypted DB Snapshot
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LyX95D7EbUKu1Ydfy9nWm70FXHGiHvv-yx-sFc00f4A/edit?usp=sharing

# Sharing a DB Snapshot or DB Cluster Snapshot
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kV8zp3TQ8EppHU8RiNej2H4yzoFMBgOUM3CrYLsq0k0/edit?usp=sharing

# Sharing an Encrypted DB Snapshot
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fmO_CT-3kQ67T2j-uBd7my5KO7tTJHjI_O2NHENC28c/edit?usp=sharing

# Creating a DB Snapshot
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z3Et1Q2h34dC4tjcXKqFEbaYK-iVBfbICW9hxyl_8jI/edit?usp=sharing

# Encrypting an Amazon RDS Snapshot
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Vd-UGP-CoyYiMZtX9iPZ_GC8xoCymRdHudk9Q9DjX94/edit?usp=sharing

# RDS Migrate Snapshot to Aurora DB Cluster
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UKNsUVh_H7M5r-wAHER-Ouyg3JEAtpubHAgtZyip_Ko/edit?usp=sharing

# Enabling HTTPS on ELB using Self Signed Certificates
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CqNh8lbKN7sqqRDCYTMugPpJsRY2biqAy2Ko10uybpg/edit?usp=sharing

# Creating and Promoting Read Replica
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QbYkcQunvxZ8GAeph78rKKJSJHbQrBjw28DwID9a7Hw/edit?usp=sharing

# ElastiCache - Which metrics should I Monitor?
https://docs.google.com/document/d/13IeyFTmZsD5-RYfezeqDIRcIDkm_0-PgXQX6FOrlfe8/edit?usp=sharing

# S3 Bucket Policy - Restricting Access
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cH6gifh10NcoMLYK5OFszytx-4BxY01HeqG4-GN7hY8/edit?usp=sharing

# ELB Connection Draining
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WcQ2QkRevS9NsSDns8ceAoYjQq0WxnlPUF_z73cLdPQ/edit?usp=sharing

# Register / Deregister Instances from ELB
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kUYEn1tl_bR6IxFG8mW7DqPIXi75lQJvb32e0pYjlSM/edit?usp=sharing

# Add / Remove Availability Zones / Subnets from ELB
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MrKRVmTGgAi9f0-fOuSAUS_ezvUsLXO1Fo5Vvj2QpOg/edit?usp=sharing

# ELB Idle Timeout
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XlJepHWk-IdAR7hYFOF-P5EaD_SU1JpLdBf-uZ2DgO4/edit?usp=sharing

# ELB HTTP Errors
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cgNkaaIH94Lb_2ui15VSRTNMAWCIPVkvQYniqCAPs9g/edit?usp=sharing

# ELB Response Code Metrics
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IFpf4z83SsQH2GEitbEi92-od7w8vtpsGnebNKyIcGY/edit?usp=sharing

# ELB Sticky Session
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O_Ksfsl2xXbm9-gQaTo3eYCRILftRBXSssshAVu7rGE/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS Cloudwatch Namespaces
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eR2iB2cCDV3UCjIYnLvAKtwwa7TlxOJn3vLupUsUyEw/edit?usp=sharing

# Pushing EC2 Custom Metrics to CloudWatch
https://docs.google.com/document/d/127TUayKraGLXleOzxZeEMU04sAObxe46PN8lQHQlD1A/edit?usp=sharing

# CloudWatch Events
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GGtUTRxIHJHgAI43nyoqkU-kB9m_7R2an_mrC6qN3y4/edit?usp=sharing

# EBS Volume Metrics
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aYDx8W_RjAzlwkGI9HNWPIIvI0d888_HjItRDIFCTzw/edit?usp=sharing

# AWS Systems Manager(SSM) - Run Command
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YXG199-b_gpUi6iR2KSmv3YwidXKaTtdkjVehSjGRKY/edit?usp=sharing

# Instance Address on Stopping/Starting/Rebooting the Instance
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YcHp-QnXefjmsKOnFaYQcNPS7qcjo6stxpMTc2ajYLs/edit?usp=sharing

# AutoScaling Group Parameters - Cooldown and GracePeriod
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZndNbWE5S4_p06BOzGNFmZV7Kz8cEK0lCohMzNfM-2o/edit?usp=sharing

# Launching an Instance Store Backed Instance
https://docs.google.com/document/d/17KhjXyi8akDNft6-yQpegcM6y-X_Xd0uNDhk5Zeodnk/edit?usp=sharing

# Launching a Spot Instance
https://docs.google.com/document/d/15Uv2FfEfQucnI7TyRUFYEYJrGhIjkWhM1riQi7lI7MM/edit?usp=sharing

# Creating a CloudFront Distribution
https://docs.google.com/document/d/14MhwAhHlxYQmfDfstYA2VtjEJBE_FWciiEVCNFu8DII/edit?usp=sharing

# EBS Volume Resizing
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LvdqSUwkSYNyx_vLfkDhuOAcc9syWWY2t40ax4sMQ1w/edit?usp=sharing

# VPC Peering Demo
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wk7G0vJyoVIAhxT2sakvl-CCN2J3XveIzieN1GQN4qA/edit?usp=sharing

# Extending VPC with Secondary CIDRs
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hRKwTm4hC0yA33Q7XiglwGH6LiFX6aqStNUVD9qSZ44/edit?usp=sharing
